CNV-63574: Add details about the spec.domain.cpu.numa attribute and UI badge (#100939)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-numa-check-config.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-numa-check-config_{context}"]
= Checking if a VM has vNUMA enabled

[role="_abstract"]
VM administrators might need to confirm whether non-uniform memory access (NUMA) is configured for a VM, to verify the VM's resource allocation setup for high-performance, latency-sensitive workloads that rely on memory locality.

You can verify whether an already deployed VM is configured for vNUMA by checking the `spec.domain.cpu.numa` attribute. This is displayed as a *vNUMA* badge in the {product-title} web console.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to an {product-title} cluster with {VirtProductName} installed.
* Optional. If you want to use the CLI step, you must have installed the {oc-first}. Otherwise, you only need access to the {product-title} web console.

.Procedure

* Optional. Check that the `spec.domain.cpu.numa` attribute is configured by using the {oc-first}. Run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get vm <vm_name> -n <namespace> -o jsonpath='{.spec.template.spec.domain.cpu.numa}'
----
+
If any output other than an empty string is returned, vNUMA is enabled for the VM.

> * Optional. Check if the VM has a *vNUMA* badge in the {product-tile} web console. Go to *VirtualMachines* -> *VirtualMachine details*, and check either the *Overview* or the *Configuration* tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To verify vNUMA status in a GUI, check if the VM has a *vNUMA* badge in the {product-title} web console.
+
Go to *VirtualMachines* -> *VirtualMachine details*, and check either the *Overview* or the *Configuration* tabs.
```
